# Miscellaneous AO3 site-skins

All the css files here can be pasted into an [AO3 site skin](https://archiveofourown.org/faq/skins-and-archive-interface#createsiteskin) to achieve their stated purpose.

Personally, I like to have multiple clearly-labeled site skins that each have a single (small) specific purpose, and then have one combined site skin that just adds all my others as a parent (on the edit page for a site skin, hit "Add parent skin" and search for the names of your other site skin(s)). That makes it really easy to switch between, say, your regular combined skin, and your combined skin with added "Reversi" for dark mode, without having to change both skins if you decide to tweak something (like copying in something from here).

## Highlight character bashing tags
`highlight-character-bashing.css` attempts to bold and strike-through (like **~~this~~**) any tags that are a synonym of either "Character Bashing" or any of its subtags like "[name of character] Bashing". It is not perfect, missing some tags and catching some irrelevant tags, but I like that it works on mobile and that I don't have to remember to exclude the tag (or can at least make an informed decision as to whether I want to read the work, without skimming over the tag accidentally).

The `text-decoration: line-through;` and `font-weight: bold;` lines are the ones to change if you would like different styling applied to the matched tags.

In case you're curious about my process, I basically tried to match tags that contained a bunch of words or phrases associated with bashing, like "bash" or "critical of" or starting with "fuck", and then had to do some unmatching to get rid of tags like "no bashing" or "fuckbuddies". The matching/unmatching is incredibly janky because English is not designed to be interpreted like this, and I end up basically just going back and forth between tweaking it and looking at the [page of character bashing synonyms](https://archiveofourown.org/tags/Character%20Bashing) or some of its subtag pages to make sure I was catching the tags I wanted to catch, and then browsing through works searches trying to notice what it was highlighting that it shouldn't be and figuring out what I needed to unmatch to make that happen.

The matching/unmatching is achieved by matching against the tag's url, which is why there are `%20`s instead of spaces all over the place. The `[href*="thing to match"i]`s all over the place are [css attribute selectors](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Attribute_selectors); the `*=` allows matching part of the tag url (the full tag url format usually looks something like `/tags/Blah/works`) and the `i` at the end makes the matching ignore upper/lowercase.